Community Distributed Cache

1) Dependencies And Requirements
    1.1) CDC fully suppports Mondrian 3.4 or above. Mondrian 3.3 is partially supported (cache clean will not work) and other Mondrian versions are not supported.
    1.2) CDC requires:
        a) CDF
        b) CDE
        c) CDA



2) Settings
Tweak the configuration of the maps used to store the cache for CDA and Mondrian.

2.1) Enabled - Whether CDC cache is enabled. After changing this setting you should clear settings cache and reload plugins.

2.2) Max Size - How big will this cache be allowed to be.
  2.2.1) Policy - How the max size is assessed. Can be one of:
       2.2.1a) Cluster-wide map size (#) - Cap size by number of cache entries across all cache nodes.
       2.2.1b) Partition-wide map size (#) - Cap size by number of cache entries in each partition.
       2.2.1c) Map size per JVM (#) - Cap size by number of entries in each JVM.
       2.2.1d) Used heap percentage (%) - Cap by percentage of JVM heap memory used for this cache.
       2.2.1e) Used heap size (MB) - Cap amount of memory (in MB) of JVM heap memory that can be used by this cache.
  2.2.2) Value - The actual value for the maximum size. Meaning depends on selected policy.
WARNING: setting a heap size beyond maximum available memory for JVM may result in cache becoming unusable at startup.

2.3) Eviction - What to do when Max Size is reached.
  2.3.1) Policy - How the cache will be cleaned 
    2.3.1a) NONE - No eviction will be performed.
    2.3.1b) LRU - Least Recently Used cache entries will be evicted.
    2.3.1c) LFU - Least Frequently Used cache entries will be evicted.
  2.3.2) Value - The percentage of the number of entries to remove from cache using either LRU of LFU.

2.4) Time to Live (s) - Cap the maximum time entries in this map can exist (0 means no limit). This setting will not override TTL settings on Mondrian/CDA; it will just be an extra constraint. 



3) Installation Notes
    When installing manually, please remember to:
    a) Copy the jars on system/cdc/pentaho-lib to webapps/pentaho/WEB-INF/lib.
    b) Copy the appropiate jar for your mondrian version on system/cdc/mondrian-lib to webapps/pentaho/WEB-INF/lib.


4) Runnning additional Hazelcast nodes
    Download the cdc-redist file from http://ci.pentaho.com/job/pentaho-cdc/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/cdc-pentaho5/dist/cdc-pentaho5-redist-SNAPSHOT.zip
    Unzip it on the machines you want to use as Hazelcast nodes and run launch-hazelcast. The new node should join the cluster
    automatically.

5) Other Notes
    Due to the way Mondrian handles its cache cleaning operations , flushing a cube from cache does not necessarily mean you'll see less 
elements on the Cluster Info page. 
    
